Of course, now you can turn a stick into a ghost
The road is coming out.
I'm here, the light gun will go from top to bottom
Please hurry up.
Only my father can win the whole tutorial
The rivers and lakes will be brilliant in three days
Can't you have a place?
We also have
What trash that didn't pick up shit?
I'll tell you what.
I sold the news that the government is about to move
The relocation place is to the land we bought
Then we're going to make a lot of money in heaven
What a coincidence
The land I bought
It's where the government is moving.
Talking nonsense with dog eyes open
Is it the whole economy?
A large area was bought by our cigars
What did you buy?
You didn't buy a cesspool of a few square meters, did you?
Ahahahaha
I bought a mud pit in the outer ring of Jiangcheng
Hahahaha
Everyone listen
This is unwanted junk land
He actually said the government was moving there
This master is mentally ill
You should see a psychiatrist
If the government doesn't move there
I'm going to get it upside down
All right.
A jumping beam clown
There's no need to waste too much time on him
Agree, I'll fucking choose to check out